Class D chicken hello welcome to Sanjeev
Kapoor Khazana my name is Sadat and
today I will show you how to prepare a
perfect party snack the name of this
recipe is crusty chicken and along with
that I will show you how to prepare
orange sauce so let's look at the
ingredients what all will require for
this chicken boneless breast cut into
thick strips bread crumbs eggs
buttermilk refined flour orange
marmalade red chilli sauce garlic powder
onion powder salt says we see it's
toasted soya sauce vinegar oil for
frying so let's quickly get started and
goes the chicken for some salt
the orange marmalade
red chilli sauce some soya sauce so the
next thing that goes in is some garlic
powder and some onion powder give this a
mix
now in goes the buttermilk give this a
mix so after mixing this you need to
keep this aside for one to to us just to
marinate and keep this aside so the next
step let's prepare a quick dip orange
dip for that I have some orange
marmalade red chilli sauce and soy sauce
and vinegar here I have kept a pan for
heating now in goes the orange marmalade
and some water after adding water I'll
add the red chilli sauce and the soya
sauce
I'll let this boil for two minutes
now after boiling this for two minutes
I'll finish it with some vinegar just to
make it sharp mix it and I'll switch off
the flame and this dip is done now here
I have two bowls with me in first Bowl
in goes a refined flour and in the
second bowl goes the toasted sesame
seeds and the bread crumbs mix this
properly I'll season this
and in another bowl I'll break the eggs
again I'll season the eggs with some
salt mix it lightly so here's the first
step let's take the marinated chicken
and dusted with the refined flour I'll
place it on a plate so in the similar
manner I will prepare the rest and now
in the similar manner I'll dip the
chicken in eggs and sesame seed and
breadcrumb mixture so first with eggs
then the crumbs
and now I'll place this on a plate so in
the similar manner I'll prepare the rest
now coating of the chicken is done let's
fry them into hot oil fry them till they
turn nice golden brown now this is the
perfect color let's remove them on an
absorbent paper so I will prepare some
more
so it's time for serving I've taken a
plate and I'll randomly arrange the
chicken pieces or any which ways it will
get over in seconds and here I'll pour
the sauce as you can see chicken is nice
and juicy nice crunchy texture from
outside dip this
chicken is nice and tender it has its
own subtle flavor but this is what is
giving it a distinct flavor sweet and
spicy amazing combination I'll have some
more so here is the party starter crusty
chicken very simple method very tasty to
eat this is nice but along with the
sauce this is amazing to try this